#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements-rag.txt requirements-rag.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.12
    # via
    #   aiohttp-retry
    #   pinecone
aiohttp-retry==2.9.1
    # via pinecone
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
backoff==2.2.1
    # via unstructured
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via unstructured
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   pinecone
    #   pinecone-client
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
cffi==1.17.1
    # via pytest-codspeed
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-rag.in
    #   unstructured
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   pytest
    #   tqdm
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
emoji==2.14.1
    # via unstructured
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via openpyxl
fastapi==0.115.12
    # via -r requirements-rag.in
filetype==1.2.0
    # via
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   unstructured
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.18
    # via langchain-google-genai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.25.1
    # via google-ai-generativelanguage
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
greenlet==3.2.3
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.73.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.73.0
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   langchain-tests
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
    #   yarl
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
jiter==0.10.0
    # via openai
joblib==1.5.1
    # via nltk
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpath-python==1.0.6
    # via unstructured-client
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.25
    # via -r requirements-rag.in
langchain-core==0.3.65
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-pinecone
    #   langchain-tests
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-google-genai==2.1.5
    # via -r requirements-rag.in
langchain-openai==0.3.23
    # via langchain-pinecone
langchain-pinecone==0.2.8
    # via -r requirements-rag.in
langchain-tests==0.3.20
    # via langchain-pinecone
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements-rag.in
    #   langchain
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via unstructured
langsmith==0.3.45
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
lxml==4.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-rag.in
    #   python-docx
    #   unstructured
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   unstructured-client
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
multidict==6.4.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via
    #   typing-inspect
    #   unstructured-client
nltk==3.9.1
    # via unstructured
numpy==2.3.0
    # via
    #   langchain-pinecone
    #   langchain-tests
    #   unstructured
openai==1.86.0
    # via langchain-openai
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via -r requirements-rag.in
orjson==3.10.18
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   pinecone-plugin-assistant
    #   pytest
    #   unstructured-client
pinecone[asyncio]==7.0.2
    # via langchain-pinecone
pinecone-client==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements-rag.in
pinecone-plugin-assistant==1.7.0
    # via pinecone
pinecone-plugin-interface==0.0.7
    # via
    #   pinecone
    #   pinecone-client
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via pytest
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==6.31.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
py-cpuinfo==9.0.0
    # via pytest-benchmark
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.6
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   rich
pypdf==3.17.4
    # via -r requirements-rag.in
pytest==8.4.0
    # via
    #   langchain-tests
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   pytest-benchmark
    #   pytest-codspeed
    #   pytest-recording
    #   pytest-socket
    #   syrupy
pytest-asyncio==0.26.0
    # via langchain-tests
pytest-benchmark==5.1.0
    # via langchain-tests
pytest-codspeed==3.2.0
    # via langchain-tests
pytest-recording==0.13.4
    # via langchain-tests
pytest-socket==0.7.0
    # via langchain-tests
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   pinecone
    #   pinecone-client
    #   unstructured-client
python-docx==1.1.2
    # via -r requirements-rag.in
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements-rag.in
python-iso639==2025.2.18
    # via unstructured
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements-rag.in
    #   unstructured
python-magic-bin==0.4.14
    # via -r requirements-rag.in
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via -r requirements-rag.in
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   vcrpy
rapidfuzz==3.13.0
    # via unstructured
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   tiktoken
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   langchain
    #   langsmith
    #   pinecone-plugin-assistant
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rich==14.0.0
    # via pytest-codspeed
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   langdetect
    #   python-dateutil
    #   unstructured-client
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.41
    # via langchain
starlette==0.46.2
    # via fastapi
syrupy==4.9.1
    # via langchain-tests
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via unstructured
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via langchain-core
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via langchain-openai
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-rag.in
    #   nltk
    #   openai
typing-extensions==4.14.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pinecone
    #   pinecone-client
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   python-docx
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   unstructured-client
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
unstructured==0.12.5
    # via -r requirements-rag.in
unstructured-client==0.21.0
    # via unstructured
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   pinecone
    #   pinecone-client
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
    #   vcrpy
uvicorn==0.34.3
    # via -r requirements-rag.in
vcrpy==7.0.0
    # via
    #   langchain-tests
    #   pytest-recording
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   unstructured
    #   vcrpy
yarl==1.20.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   vcrpy
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
